This case study mainly focusses on developing an application to address the health disparities among the various classes of patients and the appropriate medical interventions in order 
to achieve health equity for every individual. The target users of the application are patients, 
caretakers, healthcare providers, medical professionals and government officials. One of the 
main functionalities of the system is a patient classification based on social determinants such as 
economic backgrounds, health insurance amount received, medical allowances, demographics, 
age, type of disability and hereditary health information. It has to be ensured that appropriate 
treatment is administered for the people of all categories in an equitable manner. The patient 
should be able to feed health details into the application that will be corroborated by the details 
furnished by the healthcare providers and the patient’s public health records. Another important functionality is to notify the patients about the relevant medical events and health schemes 
available based on the system’s categorization of the patient’s data. The system also must provide 
personal health-tracking facilities for the patients by means of assessing the patients’ individual 
medical records. The next function is to enable the healthcare providers such as hospitals and 
clinics to plan and schedule health worker activity based on the patient’s need. Consequently, 
the application should make available the analysis of these data to the government, thereby 
assisting in the implementation of significant intervention schemes to offer medical facilities 
without any conflicts and eliminate the health discrepancies. Thus, with a holistic approach, 
the application should allow patients to register and upload social and medical data which get 
classified based on criteria that are then used by the healthcare providers and governments to 
extend healthcare to all individuals without any disparities.