User stories for Managing a personal calendar
39. As a user, I want to be able to create events in my personal calendar, so that I can keep track of my schedule.
Acceptance criteria:
 	The user should be able to add a title, date, time, and location for each event.
 	The user should be able to select a reminder for each event.
 	The user should be able to edit or delete events.
40. As a user, I want to be able to view my personal calendar by day, week, or month, so that I can easily see my schedule.
Acceptance criteria:
 	The user should be able to switch between day, week, and month views.
 	The user should be able to navigate between days, weeks, and months.
 	The user should be able to see all events on the calendar in the selected view.
41. As a user, I want to be able to set my availability in my personal calendar, so that others can see when I am free.
Acceptance criteria:

 	The user should be able to block off time slots on their calendar to indicate their availability.
 	The user should be able to select whether they are available or unavailable during a blocked off time slot.
 	The user should be able to edit or delete blocked off time slots.
42. As a user, I want to be able to share my calendar with others, so that they can see my schedule.
Acceptance criteria:
 	The user should be able to invite others to view their calendar.
 	The user should be able to select which events to share with others.
 	The user should be able to revoke access to their calendar at any time.
43. As a user, I want to be able to sync my personal calendar with other calendars, so that I can see all my events in one place.
Acceptance criteria:
 	The user should be able to connect their personal calendar to other calendar services.
 	The user should be able to select which events to sync with other calendars.
 	The user should be able to disconnect their personal calendar from other calendar services at any time.

44.	As a user, I want to be able to set reminders for events in my personal calendar, so that I don't forget important appointments.
Acceptance criteria:
 	The user should be able to set reminders for events in their personal calendar.
 	The user should be able to select the time and type of reminder (e.g. notification, email).
 	The user should be able to receive reminders on multiple devices.
45. As a user, I want to be able to search for events in my personal calendar, so that I can find specific appointments.
Acceptance criteria:
 	The user should be able to search for events by title, date, time, location, or notes.
 	The search function should return all events that match the search criteria.

45.	As a user, I want to be able to color-code events in my personal calendar, so that I can easily differentiate between different types of appointments.
Acceptance criteria:
 	The user should be able to assign a color to each event in their personal calendar.
 	The user should be able to select from a range of colors.
 	The user should be able to see the color of each event in the calendar view.

46. As a user, I want to be able to set recurring events in my personal calendar, so that I don't have to manually create the same event multiple times.
Acceptance criteria:
 	The user should be able to set a recurring schedule for an event (e.g. daily, weekly, monthly, yearly).
 	The user should be able to specify the end date for the recurring schedule.
 	The user should be able to edit or delete individual instances of a recurring event.