User stories for Project management
54. As a project manager, I want to be able to create a project plan online so that I can set goals and track progress.
Acceptance Criteria:
 	User should be able to create a new project plan.
 	User should be able to set project goals and objectives.
 	User should be able to assign tasks to team members and set deadlines.
55. As a team member, I want to be able to view my assigned tasks online so that I can stay organized and on track.
Acceptance Criteria:
 	User should be able to log in to the project management tool with their username and password.
 	User should be able to view a list of their assigned tasks and their due dates.
 	User should be able to mark tasks as completed or in progress.

56. As a project manager, I want to be able to track project progress online so that I can ensure that the project is on track.
Acceptance Criteria:
 	User should be able to view a progress dashboard that shows the overall status of the project.
 	User should be able to see the completion status of tasks and milestones.
 	User should be able to receive notifications when a task or milestone is completed.
57. As a team member, I want to be able to communicate with other team members online so that we can collaborate effectively.
Acceptance Criteria:
 	User should be able to send messages to other team members through the project management tool.
 	User should be able to receive notifications when they receive a new message.
 	User should be able to see a log of all messages sent and received.
58. As a project manager, I want to be able to assign resources to tasks so that I can manage the project budget effectively.
Acceptance Criteria:
 	User should be able to view a list of available resources.
 	User should be able to assign resources to specific tasks.
 	User should be able to track resource usage and budget expenditures.
59. As a team member, I want to be able to view project documents online so that I can access important project information.
Acceptance Criteria:
 	User should be able to access project documents through the project management tool.
 	User should be able to view, download, and edit documents as needed.
 	User should be able to see a log of document revisions.
60. As a project manager, I want to be able to set up project workflows so that tasks can be completed efficiently.
Acceptance Criteria:
 	User should be able to create workflows that map out the steps required to complete a task.
 	User should be able to assign workflows to specific tasks.
 	User should be able to track progress through each step of the workflow.
61. As a team member, I want to be able to log time spent on tasks so that I can track my productivity and contribute to accurate billing.
Acceptance Criteria:
 	User should be able to log time spent on a specific task.
 	User should be able to see a log of time spent on each task.
 	User should be able to export time logs for billing purposes.
62. As a project manager, I want to be able to set up alerts for upcoming deadlines so that I can ensure that the project stays on track.
Acceptance Criteria:
 	User should be able to set up alerts for upcoming task or milestone deadlines.
 	User should receive notifications when a deadline is approaching or has passed.
 	User should be able to customize the timing and frequency of the alerts.