User stories for health app
269. As a user, I want to track my daily water intake so that I can ensure I am drinking enough water.
Acceptance Criteria:
 	The app should allow the user to input the amount of water they drink each day.
 	The app should display the user's daily water intake in a clear and easy-to-read format.
 	The app should provide the user with reminders to drink water throughout the day.
 	The user should be able to set a daily water intake goal.
 	The app should provide feedback to the user on their progress towards their goal.
270. As a user, I want to be able to track my meals so that I can monitor my daily calorie intake.
Acceptance Criteria:
 	The app should allow the user to input their meals and snacks for each day.
 	The app should display the user's daily calorie intake in a clear and easy-to-read format.
 	The user should be able to set a daily calorie intake goal.
 	The app should provide feedback to the user on their progress towards their goal.
 	The user should be able to view a breakdown of their macronutrient intake (carbohydrates, protein, fat).
271. As a user, I want to be able to set exercise goals so that I can track my progress.
Acceptance Criteria:
 	The app should allow the user to set exercise goals (e.g. number of steps per day, number of minutes of activity per week).
 	The app should track the user's progress towards their goals.
 	The app should provide the user with feedback on their progress.
The app should allow the user to input different types of exercise (e.g. running, cycling, swimming).
 	The user should be able to view a history of their exercise activities.
272. As a user, I want to be able to track my weight so that I can monitor my progress.
Acceptance Criteria:
 	The app should allow the user to input their weight.
 	The app should display the user's weight in a clear and easy-to-read format.
 	The app should allow the user to set a weight loss or weight gain goal.
 	The app should provide the user with feedback on their progress towards their goal.
 	The user should be able to view a history of their weight entries.
273.  As a user, I want to be able to track my blood pressure readings so that I can monitor my health.
Acceptance Criteria:
 	The app should allow the user to input their blood pressure readings.
 	The app should display the user's blood pressure readings in a clear and easy-to-read format.
 	The app should provide the user with feedback on their blood pressure readings.
 	The user should be able to view a history of their blood pressure readings.
 	The app should provide the user with information on healthy blood pressure ranges.
274. As a user, I want to be able to track my menstrual cycle so that I can plan ahead and understand my body better.
Acceptance Criteria:
 	The app should allow the user to input the start and end dates of their menstrual cycle.
 	The app should display the user's menstrual cycle in a clear and easy-to-read format.
 	The app should provide the user with predictions for their next menstrual cycle.
 	The app should allow the user to input symptoms and notes related to their menstrual cycle.
 	The app should provide the user with educational information about menstrual health.
275. As a user, I want to be able to find healthy recipes that fit my dietary needs.
Acceptance Criteria:
 	The app should provide the user with a database of healthy recipes.
 	The app should allow the user to filter recipes by dietary needs (e.g. vegetarian, gluten-free, low-carb).
 	The app should provide nutritional information for each recipe.
 	The user should be able to save recipes to a favorites list.
 	The app should allow the user to create a grocery list based on the recipes they have selected.
276. As a user, I want to be able to connect with friends and family to share our health progress and goals.
Acceptance Criteria:
 	The app should allow the user to connect with friends and family through a social network.
 	The app should allow the user to share their progress and goals with their connections.
 	The app should allow the user to comment on and like their connections' posts.
 	The app should provide the user with privacy settings to control who can see their posts.
 	The app should allow the user to join public groups related to health and wellness.
277. As a user, I want to be able to find nearby gyms and fitness classes.
Acceptance Criteria:
 	The app should provide the user with a map of nearby gyms and fitness studios.
 	The app should allow the user to filter by location and type of workout (e.g. yoga, spin, weightlifting).
 	The app should display the gym or studio's ratings and reviews.
 	The user should be able to save their favorite gyms and studios.
 	The app should allow the user to book classes and appointments directly through the app.
278. As a user, I want to be able to access educational resources on health and wellness.
Acceptance Criteria:
 	The app should provide the user with articles and videos on a variety of health and wellness topics.
 	The app should allow the user to filter by topic (e.g. nutrition, mental health, exercise).
 	The app should provide the user with information on trusted sources for health information.
 	The user should be able to save articles and videos for later viewing.
 	The app should allow the user to share articles and videos on social media or with their connections.